Change REGION_PROGRESS to Agg::sum (#3051)
geopm/geopm: service/docs/source/geopm_pio_profile.7.rst

    * **Unit**: geopm_region_hint_e

``PROFILE::REGION_PROGRESS``

>     Minimum per-rank reported progress through the current region.  When

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sum of the fractional progress reported by all threads running within the aggregated domain.  When
```

    utilizing OpenMP, the per-CPU returned value will be on the interval [0, 1
    / *num_thread*] where *num_thread* is the number of requested OpenMP threads
    per rank.  When running single-threaded (i.e. not leveraging OpenMP), the

>     per-CPU returned value will be on the interval [0, 1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    per-CPU returned value will either zero (no active threads), or on the interval [0, 1].
```

    * **Unit**: geopm_region_hint_e

``PROFILE::REGION_PROGRESS``
    Sum of the fractional progress reported by all CPUs over the aggregated
    domain.  When utilizing OpenMP, the per-CPU returned value will be on the
    interval [0, 1 / *num_thread*] where *num_thread* is the number of
    requested OpenMP threads per rank.  When running single-threaded (i.e. not
    leveraging OpenMP), the per-CPU returned value will either be zero (no
    active threads), or on the interval [0, 1].

    When aggregating this signal to the board domain, the aggregated value will
    always be on the interval [0, *num_rank*] where *num_rank* is equal to the
    number of ranks (processes) in the run.  0 indicates no progress while 1 (if
    examining the per-CPU signal) or *num_rank* (if examining the board
    aggregated signal) indicates the region is complete.

    This signal is not valid outside of a region.  Specifically, this signal

>     should be ignored any time the board aggregated ``REGION_HASH`` signal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    should be ignored any time the ``REGION_HASH`` signal aggregated to the same domain
```
